feat: Added first dotnetinteropt version. (#1)
Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt: README.md

Reviewer: In the README you might want to add that `dotnet` must be installed on the machine

# DotnetInteropt

[![build status](https://github.com/Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt/actions/workflows/format-lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt/actions/workflows/format-lint.yml)
[![build status](https://github.com/Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt/actions/workflows/generate-doc.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt/actions/workflows/generate-doc.yml)
[![build status](https://github.com/Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt/actions/workflows/unit-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt/actions/workflows/unit-tests.yml)

This package is a tool to easily install NuGet packages and load the compiled
.NET DLL's into python. It uses [Pythonnet](https://pythonnet.github.io/) in the
background to load and run the DLL's.

## Usage

First, install the package:

```shell
pip install dotnetinteropt
```

Add it to the build backend dependencies:

```toml
[build-system]
requires = [..., "dotnetinteropt"]
```

And append the following to your `pyproject.toml` file:

```toml
[tool.dotnetinterop]
# OPTIONAL:

# NuGet dependencies used in the project. Can be omitted when
# no dependencies are needed.
dependencies = [
  [

>     "Scewo.Communication.Sockets",  # Replace with the actual NuGet package name

Reviewer: Since this is public, I would use a fake package here like:
```suggestion
    "MyCompany.Package",  # Replace with the actual NuGet package name
```

    "0.4.0", # Replace with the actual NuGet package version
  ],
  # Add more dependencies here
]
# name of the package to install it in.
# Replace with the actual package name (needed for multi-package projects)
# Otherwise the package name is inferred from the package name in the pyproject.toml
package = "dotnetinteropt"
# path to where the DLL files should be copied to (relative to package):
path = "_dotnetinteropt" # Default
# Compiled in release or debug mode
release = true # Default

[tool.setuptools.package-data]
"*" = ["*.dll"] # include all DLL files from all packages
```

Create a `setup.py` file in the root of your project:

```python
from setuptools import setup
from dotnetinteropt.backend import install_nugets

if __name__ == "__main__":
    install_nugets()
    setup()
```

In your python code you can now load the DLL's:

```python
from dotnetinteropt import load

# Load the DLL's
load()

# Now you can import the symbols from the DLL's

> from Scewo.Communication.Sockets import Socket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from MyCompany.Package import Socket
```

[![build status](https://github.com/Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt/actions/workflows/format-lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt/actions/workflows/format-lint.yml)
[![build status](https://github.com/Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt/actions/workflows/generate-doc.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Scewo/python-dotnetinteropt/actions/workflows/generate-doc.yml)

This package is a tool to easily install NuGet packages and load the compiled
.NET DLL's into python. It uses [Pythonnet](https://pythonnet.github.io/) in the
background to load and run the DLL's.

In order to use this package you need to have [.NET](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/)

> and [NuGet](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/install-nuget-client-tools)

Reviewer: Why is Nuget explicitly required? 🤔

Author: Ah maybe that's not needed you are right.
